Who's going to be the next leader again?
I hate you.
You're too full of yourself.
"Villain - Mr. Compress - Quirk: Compress"
Me, too.
There are two boxes here.
Which is the finished product?
"Villain - Overhaul - Quirk: Overhaul"
Oh, well.
Give it back.
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
You know what, Overhaul?
A person who erases people's Quirks
shouldn't depend on their own Quirk, right?
The fruits of all that effort you spent
are now mine!
Now you won't even have
a finger to put in your mouth
as you look on enviously at the rest of us.
Let's do our best!
Next, it's our turn.
Eyewitness reports, huh?
This deep in the mountains
with no sign of life...
"Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet"
Is he really here?
The League of Villains' Kurogiri.
"Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi"
There have been four eyewitness
reports in the last two days.
Since there aren't many people here,
they're more credible.
But you know...
His Quirk is Warp Gate.
It's perfect for secrecy.
Even so, he was seen four times...
And he's acting alone.
I don't understand...
Even if we don't understand
the League's motives,
this is our best chance to arrest Kurogiri.
We definitely want this to work.
We're counting on you, Gran Torino.
Good grief, you're working
an old man like me hard.
"Smoldering Flames"
This is a report from the mountains.
The suspect has been found.
Please secure him promptly
before he activates his Quirk.
Gran Torino.
I know!
I won't let you!
We finally meet, huh?
Kurogiri from the League of Villains.
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
Gran... Torino...
If we get you, the most
troublesome of the League,
then the rest should come falling in our lap.
Gran Torino.
Be careful.
He can use Warp Gate not just
with his head, but with both his hands.
He'll be hard to restrain.
I know.
Then I'll just take him and accelerate.
If you've got a preference for a date,
then I'll go with you wherever you want.
Gran Torino.
Have you heard the rumors of
a wild man appearing in this area?
What?
It seems he's gotten a
little too much attention,
but I guess it can't be helped.
I have business with that wild man.
Tell me about it in detail later.
What are these vibrations?
That man is always looking at the future.
"That man"?
Remember this.
If I ever go away in the future,
then you will be the only one
who can protect Tomura.
"Villain - All For One - Quirk: All For One"
At that time, if you ever feel uneasy...
...then you should rely on him.
Detective Tsukauchi, Gran Torino.
Shigaraki was not the
only one that man raised.
One of All For One's faithful servants...
Gigantomachia.
Everything is for my master...
Kai Chisaki, arrested for the abduction
and confinement of a young girl,
is the young head of the
designated villain group, Shie Hassaikai.
"Suspect Kai Chisaki
'Attacked during transport'"
As police were transporting him,
they were attacked by the League of Villains.
During this incident,
Sand Hero: Snatch, who was there
as backup for the escort, was killed.
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
There were also a number
of police officers injured.
"Suspect Kai Chisaki
'Attacked during transport'"
This attack on a villain in transport
is an unprecedented failure...
"Pro Hero - Recovery Girl - Quirk: Heal"
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
This is all they've been
reporting on since yesterday.
It isn't something you should
feel responsible for.
You don't have to worry about it.
But...
For now, the students
are to return to school.
They want to monitor Togata a little longer,
but the other students have already
been completely healed by Recovery Girl.
They should be here soon.
I'll stay a while longer to heal
a few more of the patients here.
Can't I stay, too, until Eri wakes up?
Even if you stay, the situation won't change.
All we can do is leave Eri to the doctors.
I know, but...
Midoriya...
Before I leave, I'm going to go see Togata.
Please watch my stuff for me!
Hey, right now...
It's Midoriya.
Excuse me.
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
Hey, you!
'Morning, Midoriya!
It looks like I'm the only one stuck here
another day so they can monitor me!
Even though I'm this energetic!
Damn it!
Togata...
I know.
I've lost my Quirk,
and my mentor has passed away.
I shouldn't be in a laughing state of mind.
But that's why.
Nighteye wasn't really that way with you,
but when he was with me,
he actually smiled a lot.
Smile...
A society without cheer and humor...
...will not have...
...a bright future...
That's why I'm not going to cry.
Because I'm going to be a fine hero someday.
If I look gloomy,
then Eri will probably also feel bad.
You have enough power to become a symbol,
but you're completely ordinary.
In that case, he should have had
let Mirio inherit One For All after all.
Even when your Quirk was taken away,
you still kept protecting
Eri by yourself, didn't you?
Compared to that,
I was supposed to protect Eri,
but I needed her help, and Mr. Aizawa's...
If you'd been the successor,
then Nighteye might...
And All Might's future, too...!
If I said I could give
my Quirk to you, then--
I don't need it.
If that were really possible,
and you gave your Quirk to me,
then it'd cause you trouble, right?
I don't know what you're so dejected about,
but you did a good job!
You're Deku, the hero!
Besides...
Eraser told me about Eri yesterday.
Later, if Eri is able to
use her Quirk properly,
then I'll try asking her if she can
rewind me to when I still had my Quirk.
Even if that doesn't work,
I'll try a bunch of things
to get back to normal.
I'll probably have to take time off
from U.A. until my Quirk comes back,
but anyway, I'm fine.
...you'll be fine.
You'll become a finer
hero than anyone else...
I have what Nighteye
predicted with his Foresight.
So, let's keep smiling!
Okay.
I'll definitely go back to U.A.
As Lemillion, who'll save a million.
Okay. I'll be waiting.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Midoriya!
Are your injuries okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks.
Izuku Midoriya, Eijiro Kirishima.
Sorry to bother you right
after your discharge,
but we'd like you to come
with us to the station
to answer some questions
about the Shie Hassaikai incident.
Yes, sir.
I understand.
It looked like it would be a while
longer before we would return to school.
On the other hand, for those in Class A...
Bakugo, let's go.
Shut up, I'm going!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
It's time for our provisional
license training course.
Hey!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Walk behind me!
"Katsuki Bakugo"
"Quirk: Explosion"
"He uses a nitroglycerin-like substance secreted on the palms of his hands to create explosions."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 4/20"
"Height: 172 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Spicy Food"
"Shoto Todoroki"
"Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
"He has two Quirks: 'freezing' on his right half and 'flames' on his left half."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 1/11"
"Height: 176 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Soba (the kind that's not hot)"
With the police inquiry and
paperwork continuing one after another,
we didn't end up getting back
to the dorm until after dark.
Deku! Kirishima!
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
Uraraka, Tsu!
Did you two just get back, too?
Yeah.
There was a lot of paperwork
to do at Ryukyu's office.
We had a bunch, too.
It feels...
...like we haven't been
back here in a long time.
Yeah.
Let's go.
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
They're back.
Those guys are back!
We were all worried about you.
--Yeah, yeah!
--We saw the news!
Looked like you had a tough time!
Are you okay?!
You troublesome kids.
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
Anyway, have some chocolate cake!
With Kamino and this time,
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
you guys keep getting
involved with some crazy stuff!
It's scary, you know!
S-Sorry...
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
I'm just glad they're okay.
Are they okay? Okay? I guess they are...?
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
Ochaco, Tsu! I'm glad you're okay!
Th-Thanks...
Ribbit.
Everyone!
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
I know that you were worried, but calm down!
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
You saw on the news, didn't you?
A lot has happened to them.
If you're their classmates,
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
you should console them
and let them rest quietly.
Because I'm sure it's not just their bodies--
their spirits must also be worn down.
Iida, Iida.
Thanks.
But...
Let's keep smiling!
...it's fine.
Then, if I may.
I was extremely worried about you guys!
Jeez, you guys! You guys!
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
You're being the most violent.
I'll make some lavender herb tea.
It'll help ease your spirits.
Have some chocolate cake!
Ochaco, you all right?
Back then...
...wasn't there more I could've done?
I... With my hands, I held Nighteye...
You all did everything you could.
The responsibility lies with us.
I won't tell you to be positive right away,
but I want you to take this
and think about what you want to do.
I...
...want to save people.
Yeah.
Why didn't you tell us
about what was going on?
We were super surprised, too!
Sorry, there was a gag order.
Kirishima...
You okay?
I'm not there yet!
I see.
Oh, that's so cute!
I borrowed it from Koda!
Tsu, you wanna try holding it?
Ribbit.
Me next!
So cute!
Hey, Kacchan! What're you sulking for?
You're here 'cause you were worried, right?
Be more honest with yourself!
I'm going to sleep.
Huh? Isn't it too early?
You old or something?
Unlike the rest of you, I've got stuff to do.
Midoriya, Uraraka, Kirishima,
Asui, sorry, but I'm going, too.
Huh? Isn't it too early?
You old or something?
I understand Bakugo, but even Todoroki?
What's going on?
They've got their provisional
license training course tomorrow, too.
Even so, it's pretty early.
I see...
Kacchan and Todoroki's
provisional license training course...
It's already started, huh?
Thanks to Iida and the others,
us interns also went back
to our rooms promptly
and each had time to reflect by ourselves.
I'd only heard a little about
how Kirishima and the others were...
...but I knew that a lot had happened.
No, too much had happened.
D... Don't go...
We will definitely take Eri next time...
...and protect her!
It's fine!
I will become your hero!
I'll twist that future!
I'll never...
...let you go again.
She rewinds humans. That's who Eri is.
Eri, will you lend me your power?
If I can't save...
...the one small girl in front of me...
...how can I become...
...a hero who saves everyone?
You twisted the future...
Smile...
Even though my body was tired,
that day, I couldn't really fall asleep...
Walk behind me!
I feel bad making Mr. Aizawa
take us after yesterday...
I'm not here to make small talk with you!
You--
"Pro Hero - Present Mic - Quirk: Voice"
You're late, bad boys!
Present Mic and All Might?
I will be taking you today, too.
It seems Eraser will be out a lot
because of yesterday's incident!
What's going on?
Apparently, they need his power
to help with the girl they rescued.
So! Eraser asked me
to come along as a bodyguard!
It's a measure we're taking after
considering the League's actions, too.
You captured the League's Kurogiri?!
Yeah, although we took
some hard blows while doing it.
Then, it's like you've got them
by the scruff of their necks...
No, we couldn't get the other one.
"Other one"?
It was a bitter choice.
All For One's direct subordinate hid himself.
Honestly, between arresting
Kurogiri and letting that go,
it's hard to say if it was worth it.
He's a walking disaster.
We quickly chased after him
with backup, but it was too late.
The search is still going on.
I'll let you know if there
are any developments.
Now, let's go.
Yesterday was just an easy classroom lecture,
but I hear today's training will be tough.
Hurry up and get your provisional licenses
with a hop, step, here we go!
"annoyed..."
We mustn't be late.
Come on, get on the bus.
All Might's taking us today, too, huh?
It might get annoying...
Well then, we'll be watching from up here.
Do yer best here!
Oh? If it isn't the former number one hero...
"Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame"
Thanks for bringing Shoto...
Endeavor...
This is perfect.
I've been wanting to sit down
and have a talk with you.
"prickle"
I'll go buy some coffee!
"Supplementary Class Room"
Shoto, it's perfect! I've got some time!
It's been a while!
I'll go and watch your training tomorrow--
I hope he doesn't run into All Might...
Also...
Oh! Hey!
"Inasa Yoarashi - Quirk: Whirlwind"
U.A.!
I hate you guys.
Your eyes are the same as Endeavor's.
I also hoped I wouldn't run into this guy...
Oh, what's this?
This guy's super hot.
"Camie Utsushimi"
That's like, totally crazy.
I'm totally psyched to train with a hot guy.
Camie.
What, Yoarashi?
Do you like, know him?
Seriously, can I like, have your number?
Uh, sure.
Camie, your social skills are amazing!
I should learn from you!
Hey, Baldy.
This woman wasn't here before, right?
Right! She wasn't here,
and I'm not bald!
Camie, that's beneath you!
"Seiji Shishikura - Quirk: Meatball"
As a student of Shiketsu,
you should throw away things like that!
Meat! You failed in the
first test, didn't you?
I received permission to observe!
I'm just watching!
Go home, Meat!
My name is Seiji Shishikura!
Endeavor's son?
You're a thoroughbred on top of being hot?
That's like, totally amazing!
Camie, you're so bold!
Camie!
It's about time, huh?
Yeah...
Shall we make today's
training a little harder...?
"Heroes Public Safety
Commission - Yokumiru Mera"
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Kacchan and Todoroki, who are
taking classes for the provisional hero license,
are ordered to undergo an outrageous
trial by their instructor, Gang Orca.
Todoroki should be fine,
but I'm worried about Kacchan!
Next time, "Win Those Kids' Hearts"!
Endeavor asks All Might about
the meaning of being number one.
Go beyond!
"Next time: Win Those Kids' Hearts"
Plus Ultra!